What do you care about?
Food
What do you know about?
Delivery food to a very specific location is extremely convenient. Let say you are at a event, working at a office, and you are craving something extremely specific. Will you stop what you are doing to go grab the meal, or will you pay the extra fee for someone to pick up the food and delivery it to your location? Postmates, doordash, Ubereats, Glubhub has been doing this recently. However, their are companies who says, lets provide lunch for the whole company without a kitchen. At what price will this be a good deal to cater delivery to almost all employees at lunch time? 
question 
1) at what price would food delivery be worth it? 
2) What are the benefits for a contractor to delivery food, that comes from restaruants, to a company kitchen?
3)how does eating at the office increase productivity?

What decisions do you face?


Can you apply the templates to your topics?

1)Geographic Variation
most companies should be in the cities.
Trend related to the news
-
Who does that?
-company who does not have a kitchen who might be interested in the idea of catering for its employees.
Answering a question people care about
-Buisness owners who have more than 25 employees.
Valuable to businesses
-busisness productivity. 
What's the most popular?
-
Cost/Money rankings

Misconceptions
What misconceptions do people have about your topic?

Examples
What data storytelling example inspires you?
- 
Could you do a new hypothesis, for the same question?
-How do we get the customer engage, in the meals. How do we get feedback.
Once we employees get engage, how do we get all employees to participate in the meals selection? Vegan, allegric, gluten free, a varity of diets. 
How should we prepare our meals selection for the week. What is the optimiate way to keep employee happy? 
Could you do a new question, for the same topic?

Could you do a new topic, with the same "style"?

Data
Where could you search for data about your topic?

Assignment!
Fill out the above template twice, for two different ideas.

Then compare and contrast and select one as the idea you're leaning towards working on for your project week.
